docs(angular test app): include instructions for updating nightly build (#28948)
ionic-team/ionic-framework: packages/angular/test/README.md

7. Open `./github/workflows/build.yml` and find the `test-angular-e2e` job.
8. Find the `apps` field under `matrix`.
9. Add "ng14" to the `apps` field.

> 10. Similar to steps 7-9, add "ng14" in the `./github/workflows/stencil-nightly.yml` `test-angular-e2e` job.
> 11. Commit these changes and push.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Open `./github/workflows/stencil-nightly.yml` and find the `test-angular-e2e` job.
11. Repeat steps 8 and 9.
12. Commit these changes and push.
```

I would like to keep the look consistent between step 7 and 10.
